{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12860\viewh18320\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 About
\f1\b0 \
I\'92m a user experience designer based in San Jose, California, trained in UX & UI design at UC Berkeley Extension, with a background in graphic and interactive design from Foothill College. I have experience in highly collaborative in-person and remote environments.\
Solving problems and having a positive impact on people\'92s lives are my true passions. For about four years, as a nonprofit program coordinator, I gathered information from stakeholders, funders, and clients to conceive and deliver program offerings that generated a measurable impact. My main focus was establishing offerings that acknowledged the hoops and loops that our clients had to deal with on a daily basis. I was able to develop programming that met people where they were, validated their experience, eliminated access challenges, and integrated services in a seamless way. This approach led to an increase in participation and funding. \
My passion for solving problems is paired with my fierce belief in life-long learning and self-improvement. For the last two years, I\'92ve been exploring the importance of visual communication, as well as graphic and typographic principles of design and their value in facilitating conversations and creating a shared understanding. I had the great pleasure to put my graphic design skills to work with real clients at Foothill College. Students, professors, and other faculty members trusted me with their goals for various projects. In return, I created sketches and digital designs that, at times, exceeded their expectations, and at times, created open conversations about potential improvements that were stunning growth opportunities.\
But my journey doesn\'92t end there. Once I came across the UX design methodology my mind was blown! Learning a structured framework to empathize, define, ideate, prototype, test, and iterate on the creation of products that maximize the benefit for the user and the business was just too fascinating to pass up.\
I\'92m now a UX enthusiast and in it for the long run. I look forward to the opportunity to join a team that has as much drive and appetite for good design as I do.}