{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red13\green13\blue20;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c5490\c6275\c10196;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid10}
{\list\listtemplateid11\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1001\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid11}
{\list\listtemplateid12\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid12}
{\list\listtemplateid13\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid13}
{\list\listtemplateid14\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid14}
{\list\listtemplateid15\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid15}
{\list\listtemplateid16\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid16}
{\list\listtemplateid17\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid17}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid11\listoverridecount0\ls11}{\listoverride\listid12\listoverridecount0\ls12}{\listoverride\listid13\listoverridecount0\ls13}{\listoverride\listid14\listoverridecount0\ls14}{\listoverride\listid15\listoverridecount0\ls15}{\listoverride\listid16\listoverridecount0\ls16}{\listoverride\listid17\listoverridecount0\ls17}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12960\viewh18460\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Pukkatrip
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Discover authentic local experiences\'a0
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b A UX design study focusing on user research and usability testing
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Project overview
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Summary:
\f1\b0 \
Through qualitative and quantitative user research, I discovered that travelers have a difficult time finding information about local experiences available at their desired destinations. This reality causes them to miss authentic experiences and to waste time and money once they are at their destination.\
PukkaTrip is a travel app prototype designed to alleviate the described pain point by helping travelers discover authentic local experiences.\'a0\
TL;DR - Take a look at this case study storyboard here\

\f0\b Project Goals:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Uncover travelers\'92 pain points in their trip planning process (when traveling for vacation)\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Implement a user-centered design methodology to prototype a mobile travel app that addresses those pain points\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 My Role & Responsibilities:\'a0
\f1\b0 Sole UX Designer\

\f0\b Timeline:\'a0
\f1\b0 4 weeks\

\f0\b Tools:\'a0
\f1\b0 Pen & paper, Figma, Photoshop, Illustrator, Adobe XD, Miro & Procreate\'a0\

\f0\b Methodology:
\f1\b0 \
I approached this problem from a place of curiosity. That curiosity turned into empathy as I interviewed users. Once I understood their main pain points, I narrowed the scope of the problem by defining a user persona and scenario. As a next step, I ideated potential solutions, prioritized, designed, and tested the user flow and visual design a couple of times. Based on the user feedback, I revised my wireframes and prototyped a minimum valuable product that addressed the users' pain points and stood out from the competition.\
Steps and artifacts that supported my approach to solving this problem\

\f0\b Creating an understanding of the scope of the problem and getting to know the users
\f1\b0 \
To learn more about how travelers plan their trips, I performed 5 interviews and 23 surveys.\

\f0\b Questions asked:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When traveling for vacation, what are some of the reasons why you do it?\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How do you go about planning a trip?\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is the most time-consuming part about planning a vacation trip?\'a0\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What are the most time-consuming activities at your destination?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Main findings from qualitative and quantitative research:
\f1\b0 \
1. Users\'92 main motivation for traveling is to experience something different and unique. They want to experience genuine local experiences at their destination.\
\'93I like to see and experience something different when I travel... I try to get in contact with local traditions instead of doing something that has been fabricated for tourists. Also, I like to eat local food, visit unfrequented places, and spend little time at hotels.\'94\
Survey respondents agree or strongly agree:\
91% - When I travel, I like to go beyond the ultimate touristy places\
83% - When I visit a new destination, I want to go where the locals go\
2. During their planning phase, users lack enough information from local sources about where to eat and what to do.\
3. Users plan their trips well in advance and spend most of their time deciding what activities to do.\
How far in advance do people plan their trips\
Most time-consuming trip planning activities\

\f0\b Making sense of the interview and survey data
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b User insight:
\f1\b0 \
Finding a user insight was my first step to begin defining the problem space and give the user a face and a voice. This user insight summarizes opinions given by multiple people during the user research phase.\'a0\
Before and while they travel, travelers need access to information about local activities and authentic food available at their destination to have unique experiences while maximizing their time and budget.\

\f0\b Empathy Map:
\f1\b0 \
To see how the research findings translate into the way a person behaves, makes decisions, feels, and thinks, I put together an empathy map, which was a helpful step before defining the user persona.\

\f0\b Says:
\f1\b0 \
\'93I travel to explore new places and have unique experiences.\'94\
\'93When I travel, I like to go beyond the ultimate touristy spots.\'94\
\'93When I visit a new destination, I want to go where the locals go walking or using public transportation.\'94\

\f0\b Does:
\f1\b0 \
\'95 Spends several hours researching what non-touristy activities to do\'a0\
\'95 Trust friends, acquaintances, and recommendations from locals about where to stay, what to do, and where to eat; uses reviews as selection tie-breakers\
\'95 Plans trips far in advance to stay within budget\
\'95 Prints itinerary information and saves it in phone notes for offline access\'a0\

\f0\b Thinks:
\f1\b0 \
\'95 Where can I can information about what activities to do and where to eat?\
\'95 Where can I find information regarding public transportation at my destination?\
\'95 How do I make sure that I stay in safe neighborhoods?\

\f0\b Feels:
\f1\b0 \
\'95 Happy researching his destination and talking to locals or people who have been there before\'a0\'a0\
\'95 Frustrated and deflated when the information he is looking for is not available online or is only available in other languages\
\'95 Anxious about not knowing what clothes to bring given the weather and activities that he plans to do when traveling\

\f0\b Defining a user persona based on research
\f1\b0 \
With a better understanding of the behavioral and cognitive processes of potential users, I proceeded to create a persona, which was the guiding force of ideation and prototyping.\
To further determine the scope of the problem, I created a user scenario that added specific constraints to the persona\'92s situation and goals. This scenario was part of a larger client journey map that identified feelings, pain points, opportunities. The full client journey map can download here.\'a0\

\f0\b Scenario:
\f1\b0 \
Marco is 34 years old. He is a Civil Engineer and lives in Portland, Oregon. Marco just booked his flight to Lima, Peru. Now, he is planning activities for his trip. Unfortunately, he is having a hard time finding authentic and unique experiences.\'a0\
He keeps finding the same type of activities in the different travel sites and nearly zero information about locals\'92 favorite restaurants and breweries.\'a0\
Marco is feeling deflated and fears ending up visiting all the places that are meant for tourists and miss the uniqueness of Lima.\

\f0\b Goals:
\f1\b0 \
- Having authentic and unique experiences while traveling\
- Maximizing his time and budget choosing the right things to do and places to eat\
- Staying away from tourist traps and get to discover the essence of a place through authentic food and beer\'a0 \'a0
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs36 Gathering information from competitors to find out if others already address the user needs
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Competitive Analysis:\'a0
\f1\b0 \
To ideate solutions that would help the user achieve his goals, I performed a competitive analysis to figure out if other products were addressing the user needs and, if so, how they were doing it.\'a0\
I was able to find a direct and indirect competitor and performed a strengths and weaknesses assessment of their products as they relate to the user\'92s goals.\'a0\
Although both competitors have strengths, they are not truly addressing the user pain points.\'a0\'a0\

\f0\b Direct competitor: Jetzy - Travel like a local
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Strengths
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tagline communicates the value proposition\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Allows direct communication between users\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Weaknesses
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Unnecessary entry-point friction\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Inconsistent UI\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The user flow does not lead to finding information to travel like a local\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Does not allow to save relevant information shared by other users\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Indirect Competitor: Forums, Tripadvisor - Read, review, compare prices and book
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Strengths
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A simple and intuitive interface, conducive to finding authentic information\'a0\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Secures authentic information by other users\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Reduces friction at the entry point\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Weaknesses
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
No way to determine locals\'92 info vs. travelers\'92 info and no way to filter by locals\'92 recommendations\'a0\
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
No way to download information saved for offline use\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 How might we address the user's pain point and help him achieve his goals?
\f1\b0 \
With a good understanding of the persona, his needs and goals, and the fact that the competitors are not addressing the user needs, I proceeded to define a \'93How Might We\'94 statement to guide the ideation process.\'a0\'a0\
How might we help users find authentic information about unique local experiences available at their destinations?\

\f0\b Ideating solutions to solve the user pain points
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Ideation and Prioritization:
\f1\b0 \
With the persona created in mind, the ideation process begins.\'a0\
I used the "I like, I wish, What if" method to generate ideas aimed to solve the pain points of this user persona. His goals, habits, must-haves, frustrations, and personality are at the forefront of ideation.\'a0\'a0\
As a next step, I used a prioritization matrix to identify what ideas could potentially become features based on users' satisfaction and their viability/feasibility for PukkaTrip as a company.\'a0\

\f0\b I like:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Having access to my travel info on my phone and offline\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 I wish:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I could connect with locals when I\'92m planning my trip\'a0\
\ls8\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I could always get information that is up to date\
\ls8\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I could save and revisit information about local activities that I want to do at my destination\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 What if:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I could poll locals about their favorite activities, restaurants, and breweries.\
\ls9\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Responding to questions other travelers have about the area where I live, would give me some sort of benefit\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Prioritization of the features that came out of the ideation phase took a couple of iterations. I focused on features that were key as they directly allow the user to accomplish his goal. By limiting the number of features, I came up with\'a0
\f3\i\b \ul an MVP.
\f1\i0\b0 \ulnone \
Revised feature prioritization\

\f0\b A challenge
\f1\b0 \
At this point in the ideation process, I realized that integrating a poll feature that allows users to post questions and receive individualized responses would address the user\'92s pain points and make it stand out from competitors.\'a0\
However, a poll feature requires users to engage with the app by responding to other travelers\'92 polls, which makes the functionality sustainable and keeps the information authentic. Answering to other users' questions is a big ask that could deter some potential users from using the app.\'a0\
To move forward, I took a close look at the user persona and concluded that a poll feature would be well adopted by my user based on the following assumptions.\'a0\

\f0\b Assumptions
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls10\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The user is a traveler who plans ahead and enjoys discovering and connecting with others\'a0\
\ls10\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The user is willing to take extra steps to make sure he gets the information he needs to maximize his travel experience\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Important considerations for the adoption of the poll feature:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls11\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The user will be shown previous poll responses and other users\'92 contributions before committing to submit a poll\'a0\
\ls11\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
After sending a poll the user will be invited to, not required to, reply to a fellow traveler's poll\
\ls11\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Replying to a poll has to be as effortless as possible. Language in the request should be carefully crafted to incentivize its use and boost user\'92s buy-in\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 User flow diagram:
\f1\b0 \
Once I decided to commit to including a poll feature, I began defining the user flow.\'a0\

\f0\b Goals
\f1\b0 \
- Defining a critical path that allowed the user to browse through locals\'92 and travelers\'92 recommendations\
- Allowing the user to submit a poll to get current and individualized answers to his questions and review poll responses\'a0\
- Figuring out a way to keep the community sustainable by encouraging users to provide authentic information to other users\'a0\
- Reducing friction at entry-point\'a0\
Note: this user flow incorporates the task of creating an account to submit a poll. Although it can be off-putting for some users, we are assuming that our user does most of his planning on his own and way in advance. Therefore, he is used to creating accounts to manage and keep track of the information he needs for his trip. There will be wording clarifying the convenience of creating an account on the screen.\'a0\

\f0\b Creating a user interface
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b User interface goals and considerations:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls12\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Have a clear and unequivocal path to getting relevant information about experiences at a potential destination\'a0\
\ls12\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
An early introduction to facets: poll responses from travelers and locals, tips from locals, and categories of information available within those\'a0\
\ls12\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Consistent and predictable UI patterns\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Wireframes:
\f1\b0 \
The first screen conveys the purpose of the app and allows the user to search for the information he needs right away by entering his destination.\
Categories of information are introduced early and reinforced with descriptive words and icons.\'a0\
Creating an account is only needed after valuable information has been shown to the user when he decides to submit a poll and to facilitate response tracking. The app respects user privacy and gives an alternative to location tracking.\'a0\
The app allows creating a trip and associate tips and recommendations to it to increase convenience for users who are planners and appreciate organization.\
The app encourages users to support other travelers by replying to their polls without forcing them to do so.\
Placeholder.\

\f0\b The first round of usability testing\'a0
\f1\b0 \
Before moving on to hi-fi prototyping, I sought feedback on these initial sketches to test the user flow. I got fascinating feedback.\

\f0\b Usability testing takeaways
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls13\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Users were excited about the poll feature but thought it was hard to discover\
\ls13\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Users felt overwhelmed by the number of filters shown and thought they took too much space on the screen\
\ls13\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Users found that signing up with existent accounts like Google or Facebook was convenient\
\ls13\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Users like the prompt to create a trip to organize all information related to their destination\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Iterating based on users\'92 feedback
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Hi-fi wireframes:
\f1\b0 \
Incorporating the feedback received in round one of usability testing, I worked on Figma to design hi-fi wireframes and a prototype.\'a0\
Placeholder.\
Placeholder.\
Placeholder.\
Placeholder.\

\f0\b The second round of usability testing: Making sure that the prototype works as intended
\f1\b0 \
To test the user flow, I performed usability testing with four users keeping in mind the defined user scenario.\'a0\
The main goal for the usability test was to evaluate if the app allowed users to find information about an authentic local experience at his/her vacation travel destination.\'a0\

\f0\b User tasks:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls14\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Describe what the app is for\
\ls14\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Search a destination and apply filters\
\ls14\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Send a poll\
\ls14\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Respond to a fellow traveler\'92s poll\'a0\
\ls14\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Review received poll responses\
\ls14\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Add poll responses to a trip\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Usability testing takeaways:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls15\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Users were able to describe the value proposition of the app by looking at the first couple of screens\
\ls15\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Users were willing to contribute to the community by submitting a response to a poll and thought it was a simple step\'a0\
\ls15\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Users liked the ability to add information found on the app to a specific trip\'a0\'a0\
\ls15\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The search could be more sophisticated to accommodate advanced users\
\ls15\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The visual design needs to be improved to facilitate the usability of filters on the search results page and access to other functionalities such as reviewing poll responses\'a0\
\ls15\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Refining language around benefits for creating an account before submitting a poll could help justify burden and incentivize account creation\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Translating user feedback into design improvements
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Ideation iteration:
\f1\b0 \
After receiving valuable feedback from the user and analyzing the results, I translated the takeaways into design goals and revised the wireframes.\'a0\

\f0\b Iteration goals:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls16\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Preserve critical path since it was successful in helping users accomplish their goal\
\ls16\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Improve visual design to address usability and discoverability issues by getting rid of small font sizes and increasing button contrast\
\ls16\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Add features aimed to increase efficiency for advance users\'a0\
\ls16\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Revise language around the need to create an account to use critical app functionality\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Prototype with revised wireframes\'a0
\f1\b0 \
Click here to access clickable prototype on Figma\

\f0\b What could be potential success metrics for a product like PukkaTrip?
\f1\b0 \
Even though this app was a conceptual project, I wanted to define potential success metrics for PukkaTrip.\'a0\

\f0\b Potential success metrics for PukkaTrip:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls17\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A decrease in user\'92s time spent finding information about activities that locals do at their destinations\'a0\
\ls17\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Increased user\'92s confidence in their ability to find an authentic and unique experience when using the app\'a0\
\ls17\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Increased user satisfaction with experiences enjoyed during their trip\'a0\
\ls17\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Growth in size of user/traveler community connected by the app\
\ls17\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
User\'92s sustained engagement and contribution to the app via poll responses and recommendations\
}